Add meta descriptions to blog posts that have not been updated (#1542)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-a-better-way-to-kubernetes/index.md

authors: ["levi-blackstone"]
tags: ["Kubernetes"]
date: "2019-05-21"

> meta_desc: "Pulumi makes Kubernetes more accessible using familiar languages and your favorite tools. Create managed Kubernetes clusters, manage any Kubernetes resource incluindg CRDs and related CustomResources, import Helm charts and manifests, and mix and match these resources within your Pulumi program."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Pulumi makes Kubernetes more accessible using familiar languages and your favorite tools. Create managed Kubernetes clusters, manage Kubernetes resources, including CRDs and related CustomResources, import Helm charts and manifests, and mix and match these resources within your Pulumi program."
```
